## Group Work

I didn't love this article. I feel a certain amount of resentment toward the constant push toward higher productivity that is especially prevelent in the tech industry. Especially the first section of this article was really grinding my gears. I hear "In the last decade, [google] has spent untold millions of dollars measuring nearly every aspect of its employees’ lives" and I don't really see the valiant move toward a better work environment that I feel like I'm supposed to. The idea that a person's life should be so innately dedicated to constantly increasing productivity to output better work for their employer (to the extent that an employer can track who an employee eats lunch with) simply bothers me. In fact, this kind of obsession with constant performance upgrade is part of what has traditionally pushed me away from this industry, and why I have little to no interest in applying for large coorporate jobs what so ever once I graduate. Studies like this, to me, seem to lack exactly what they say is the most important thing a team can have- empathy. It frustrates me to hear about people intensely analyzing empathy and the human condition, only to remove the humanity from it and stick it in an algorithm to improve a corporation's bottom line. 

The second half of this article got to be pretty interesting when they were discussing "psychological safety". While I resent parts of what is going on in this article, a more positive and open work environment is definitely a positive. The thing that really stood out to me was Rozovsky talking about the email her collegue sent her, and her response to it. I have historically been the type to people please to avoid conflict, and seeing an example of someone kindly calling out a group member over something small like that was really positive for me. Small things like that build into large scale interpersonal problems, and it was encouraging to see it taken care of when it was still small enough to be easy.

I'm sure this was not the takeaway I was supposed to get from this article, but I thought it would be particularly ironic for me to put on a mask about how I felt about an article written on how putting on a mask at work isn't helpful.
